code/README.md, before:

We want to see your code. Please include a representative sample of your
work in this directory.

All languages and paradigms are welcome, but we're most interested in
submissions demonstrating one or more of the following:

  - Clean, secure, object oriented PHP.
  - Usable, modern, and reasonably standard HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
  - Clear, sensible, and consistently formatted code.
  - Sympathy for the plight of future maintainers.

If you maintain or contribute to any open source projects, please supply links
and a short description of your role in each project.

**Tips:**

 * Avoid excessive amounts of code.
 * Exclude third party utilities and other dependencies like XML libraries or binaries.
 * Your samples will be *read*, not *executed*.
 * Less is more.
 * Select samples that are brief and show off different characteristics of your skill set.

In lieu of or in addition to code samples please also consider providing writing samples.
When applying for a more managerial position this is of particular importance as
clear written communication is critical.

Commit message:

Adds explanation of PHP example included in the application and minor touch ups

code/README.md, after:

We want to see your code. Please include a representative sample of your
work in this directory.

All languages and paradigms are welcome, but we're most interested in
submissions demonstrating one or more of the following:

  - Clean, secure, object oriented PHP.
  - Usable, modern, and reasonably standard HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
  - Clear, sensible, and consistently formatted code.
  - Sympathy for the plight of future maintainers.

        I have an interesting challenge in that most of the representitive
        code that I have created while working for my current employer
        is owned by them, and not something I can include in this
        application.  I have put together a MVC sample in PHP for the
        purposes of this application.  I started with a base page from
        www.getbootstrap.com and included their default CSS and JS

If you maintain or contribute to any open source projects, please supply links
and a short description of your role in each project.

**Tips:**

 * Avoid excessive amounts of code.
 * Exclude third party utilities and other dependencies like XML libraries or binaries.
 * Your samples will be *read*, not *executed*.
 * Less is more.
 * Select samples that are brief and show off different characteristics of your skill set.

In lieu of or in addition to code samples please also consider providing writing samples.
When applying for a more managerial position this is of particular importance as
clear written communication is critical.
